microbenchmark-a-team                               | Bleke1,SondreN02
microbenchmark-abdullahi-julian                     | abali360,Johansenjulian
microbenchmark-ahmed                                | leencho
microbenchmark-ase-abigail                          | abigail319,asefossmark
microbenchmark-assignment1                          | hassanb-r
microbenchmark-benja                                | BAaboe,Trax3721
microbenchmark-christian-kjetil                     | cklfc,kjeegil
microbenchmark-erik-und-frode-q-kameratene          | Frodhesten,Ebbisso
microbenchmark-fent-salesman                        | ImmortalStogh
microbenchmark-g-b                                  | bjorneik,Nuyuki
microbenchmark-girlslastyear                        | ToneD123,linnikli
microbenchmark-goos                                 | kycsk
microbenchmark-group                                | PetterPlanke,PakornCantCode
microbenchmark-jakob                                | jakbua-git
microbenchmark-kathryn-tuva                         | EarlGreyTT,TheKeons
microbenchmark-kg                                   | kristinelill
microbenchmark-kristoffer                           | krkir6690,noabu7
microbenchmark-lexhy                                | Lexxhy
microbenchmark-maras7515_chlar7639_inf-2200_oblig1  | chlar7639,Martinstudererinformatikk
microbenchmark-mattlinn                             | Mattlinn63
microbenchmark-moj-cata                             | Presspen,CatacombCodes
microbenchmark-n-h                                  | Noraalise,henrietteeand
microbenchmark-nemateam                             | Aleasto10,cabar9818
microbenchmark-nya-colon-3                          | JustTemmie,nyancel
microbenchmark-oblig-1                              | RodionShionok
microbenchmark-oblig1                               | GabrielHahslHoyer
microbenchmark-oblig_1                              | TarjeCarlsen,Tristankn
microbenchmark-oliver-og-araz                       | Mushroombunny,R121-NO-1
microbenchmark-oscar-thomas                         | Oscareg1,ThomasTekie00
microbenchmark-paper                                | mr-paperbag
microbenchmark-sat-c-laget                          | karelator,thomacs
microbenchmark-sfsf                                 | S-N-F
microbenchmark-spaghetti                            | TheoOwO727,ancar8714
microbenchmark-super-awesom-group-name              | fampyvs,philiphcoquelin
microbenchmark-super-awesome-team-name-2            | omega-twm
microbenchmark-super-cringe-team-name               | InsectCondo,Rasmus-Olsen-04
microbenchmark-team-1-1                             | erikgunnarsson2002
microbenchmark-team-4                               | BearKvernmo
microbenchmark-theodor-san-co                       | GoblinAl,Theofin
microbenchmark-timeo                                | TMOIGNET
microbenchmark-uimagate                             | Victor-BRABANT,Felix-Clavel
microbenchmark-winteriscoming                       | Dvmii,smudlul
