mips-simulator-ase-og-abigail                   | Empty repository                |                             |    | abigail319                       
mips-simulator-asign2                           | Empty repository                |                             |    | leencho                          
mips-simulator-assignment-2                     | Erik Assar Uno Gunnarsson       | ergun1390@uit.no            |  2 | erikgunnarsson2002               
mips-simulator-assignment2                      | Hassan Bjørnstad-Rzayev         | hbj073@post.uit.no          |  3 | hassanb-r                        
mips-simulator-assignment_2                     | Empty repository                |                             |    | SondreN02                        
mips-simulator-benja2                           | Benjamin Aaboe Mjaatvedt        | benjamin.a.mjaatvedt@uit.no |  3 | BAaboe                           
mips-simulator-bleh-w                           | Simon Gilbu                     | simon.gilbu@uit.no          |  4 | JustTemmie,nyancel               
mips-simulator-bleh-w                           | Emmie Helfrida Jensen Naustvoll | emnau1108@uit.no            |  4 | JustTemmie,nyancel               
mips-simulator-christian-og-kjetil              | Christian Karlsen               | cka061@post.uit.no          |  3 | cklfc,kjeegil                    
mips-simulator-christian-og-kjetil              | Kjetil Olsen                    | kjols2731@uit.no            |  1 | cklfc,kjeegil                    
mips-simulator-espen-carita                     | Espen Moen Mojlanen             | esmoj0261@uit.no            |  5 | Presspen,CatacombCodes           
mips-simulator-espen-carita                     | Carita Simone Tørresvold        | cator1389@uit.no            |  5 | Presspen,CatacombCodes           
mips-simulator-frode-og-christoffer             | Frode Eggenfellner              | frode.eggenfellner@uit.no   |  1 | Frodhesten,chlar7639             
mips-simulator-frode-og-christoffer             | Christoffer Vikholt Larsen      | christoffer.v.larsen@uit.no |  2 | Frodhesten,chlar7639             
mips-simulator-george-and-bjorn                 | Empty repository                |                             |    | Nuyuki                           
mips-simulator-halogtheo                        | Hallvard Gram Økland            | haokl1400@uit.no            |  2 | GoblinAl,Theofin                 
mips-simulator-julian-og-abdullahi              | Abdullahi Abdikarim Ali         | abali2350@uit.no            |  2 | abali360,Johansenjulian          
mips-simulator-julian-og-abdullahi              | Julian Johansen                 | jujoh0991@uit.no            |  3 | abali360,Johansenjulian          
mips-simulator-kathryn-og-tuva                  | Kathryn Ann Emblow              | kaemb0626@uit.no            |  1 | EarlGreyTT,TheKeons              
mips-simulator-kathryn-og-tuva                  | Tuva Marie Eaton Johansen       | tujoh3800@uit.no            |  3 | EarlGreyTT,TheKeons              
mips-simulator-klg                              | Empty repository                |                             |    | kristinelill                     
mips-simulator-mattlinn63                       | Mathias Lind Schouten           | masch5915@uit.no            |  3 | Mattlinn63                       
mips-simulator-nora-og-henriette                | Henriette Andreassen            | heand8111@uit.no            |  4 | Noraalise,henrietteeand          
mips-simulator-nora-og-henriette                | Nora Alise Nilsen               | nni026@post.uit.no          |  4 | Noraalise,henrietteeand          
mips-simulator-oblig-2                          | Rodion Shionok                  | roshi4397@uit.no            |  2 | RodionShionok                    
mips-simulator-oblig2                           | Tarje Toledo Carlsen            | tacar9347@uit.no            |  1 | TarjeCarlsen,Tristankn           
mips-simulator-oblig2                           | Tristan Kalvenes Natvig         | tna014@post.uit.no          |  3 | TarjeCarlsen,Tristankn           
mips-simulator-oblig22                          | Empty repository                |                             |    | Trax3721                         
mips-simulator-obligjak                         | Empty repository                |                             |    | jakbua-git                       
mips-simulator-odne-og-kristoffer               | Kristoffer Kielland Kirkesæther | krkir6690@uit.no            |  2 | krkir6690,Bleke1                 
mips-simulator-odne-og-kristoffer               | Odne-Eirik Trøftbråten          | otr008@post.uit.no          |  2 | krkir6690,Bleke1                 
mips-simulator-owo-what-s-this                  | Théo Anthony Heng               | thhen4200@uit.no            |  1 | TheoOwO727                       
mips-simulator-paella                           | Carlos Barrios Gonzalez         | cabar9818@uit.no            |  2 | ancar8714,Aleasto10,cabar9818    
mips-simulator-paella                           | Andrea Cárdenas Mayoral         | ancar8714@uit.no            |  1 | ancar8714,Aleasto10,cabar9818    
mips-simulator-paella                           | Alejandro Rodriguez Perez       | alrod7901@uit.no            |  1 | ancar8714,Aleasto10,cabar9818    
mips-simulator-pepperkake                       | Oliver Bergvoll                 | olber6452@uit.no            |  1 | Mushroombunny,R121-NO-1          
mips-simulator-pepperkake                       | Araz Mahmud Khan                | arkha3761@uit.no            |  2 | Mushroombunny,R121-NO-1          
mips-simulator-potatowater                      | Håkon Bjørkmo                   | habjo9316@uit.no            |  1 | fampyvs,PakornCantCode           
mips-simulator-potatowater                      | Pakorn Hiangloe                 | pahia8955@uit.no            |  1 | fampyvs,PakornCantCode           
mips-simulator-sat-py-laget                     | Empty repository                |                             |    | karelator,thomacs                
mips-simulator-slips                            | Adrian Eriksen                  | aderi2118@uit.no            |  1 | kycsk,annareedtz                 
mips-simulator-slips                            | Anna Reedtz                     | reedtzanna@gmail.com        |  1 | kycsk,annareedtz                 
mips-simulator-snf                              | Sindre Normann Finvåg           | sfi025@post.uit.no          |  2 | S-N-F                            
mips-simulator-super-awesome-team-name-2-part-2 | Empty repository                |                             |    | omega-twm                        
mips-simulator-super-cringe-team-name-2         | Trond-Einar Larsen Kalås        | trkal4430@uit.no            |  5 | InsectCondo                      
mips-simulator-team-40                          | Chris-Petter Fosslund           | chfos8802@uit.no            |  1 | PetterPlanke                     
mips-simulator-test-team                        | Empty repository                |                             |    | aomond-imt                       
mips-simulator-the-winter-is-coming             | Damian Matulis                  | damat8500@uit.no            |  1 | Dvmii,smudlul                    
mips-simulator-thomas-oscar                     | Oscar Ekjord Gunnarsson         | osgun7841@uit.no            |  2 | Oscareg1,ThomasTekie00           
mips-simulator-thomas-oscar                     | Thomas Tekie                    | thomas.tekie@uit.no         |  2 | Oscareg1,ThomasTekie00           
mips-simulator-toxy                             | Tone Danielsen                  | tone.danielsen@uit.no       |  5 | ToneD123,Lexxhy                  
mips-simulator-toxy                             | Stian Gulling Eldevik           | steld0254@uit.no            |  5 | ToneD123,Lexxhy                  
mips-simulator-uimagate-1                       | Victor Brabant                  | vibra3862@uit.no            |  3 | Victor-BRABANT,Felix-Clavel      
mips-simulator-uimagate-1                       | Félix Roger Charles Clavel      | fecla0048@uit.no            |  3 | Victor-BRABANT,Felix-Clavel      
mips-simulator-victor-og-felix                  | Empty repository                |                             |    | Felix-Clavel                     
mips-simulator-wine-wet-wipes                   | Olav Sæle                       | olsae3713@uit.no            |  5 | mr-paperbag                      
mips-simulator-wine-wet-wipes                   | Jens Mikael Florentino Somby    | jso078@post.uit.no          |  5 | mr-paperbag                      
mips-simulator-yanited                          | Erik Bjella Ebbestad            | erebb5820@uit.no            |  1 | Martinstudererinformatikk,Ebbisso
mips-simulator-yanited                          | Martin Rasmussen                | maras7515@uit.no            |  1 | Martinstudererinformatikk,Ebbisso
